Organization Overview
Mission and Vision Statements: Descriptions of the organization's
Mission:  Wholewellness Coaching is a nonprofit organization dedicated to providing high-quality coaching services to underserved individuals, especially women who have survived domestic violence, those who are newly widowed or divorced, and anyone else seeking transformative support. Our mission is to make coaching accessible to those who may not otherwise have access, offering affordable services for those who can pay and providing free or discounted services to individuals with limited financial resources.
Vision: We see a future where high-quality life coaching is not a privilege but a right, where technology bridges gaps and brings expert guidance to those who need it most. Our vision is of a global community where self-discovery and continuous improvement are celebrated, where individuals from all walks of life can find the coaching they need to thrive in relationships, staying anchored during a divorce, finding love and passion at any age, business & careers, health, and personal development. We're creating a ripple effect that touches families, communities, and ultimately, society as a whole. As individuals thrive, they inspire and uplift those around them, creating a cycle of positive change that can transform entire communities.
Our goal is to unlock the potential within every individual and create a world where everyone has the opportunity to thrive. The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step - and with your help, we can provide the guidance and support needed for that crucial first step and every one that follows. 
With support, we can expand our reach globally, enhance our technology, and continue to innovate in the field of online coaching.  We can build a future where personal growth and well-being are not luxuries, but fundamental rights accessible to all. We want to inspire positive change, cultivate self-discovery, and empower individuals to lead fulfilling, purposeful lives.
Core values: 
Our values are centered around providing high-quality coaching services to those who might not otherwise have access to such resources, empowering them to overcome challenges, achieve their goals, and live a life of fulfillment.  We want an organization that can bridge the gap of affordability and accessibility and democratize personal development by making high-quality life coaching accessible to all.  We value coaching as a way to help individuals thrive in fulfilling lives.
Our belief is mental health services are the foundation of self care, personal development and a healthy lifestyle.   We found that therapy helps with the reasons why but coaching is the how to apply knowledge to change their lives.
